[LOGO MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hey, everybody.
Jay Weidner here, and we are
back today with Jason Rice,
continuing his narrative.
Hey, Jason.
Thanks for joining us.
>>JASON RICE: Thank
you for having me, Jay.
>>JAY: Last time that
we were talking to you,
you just finished deployment
on a planet you called
Planet One, where
you were fighting
these ferocious creatures.
And you described to us the
Darwinism of your situation
and how they were
manipulating everybody--
the-- the Dracos and the cabal
were manipulating everybody
into creating a kind of New
World Order fascist state
in a way, with a banking
system and a fiat money system,
and a society more like
what we would have in Europe
and America today, I would say.
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: So let's talk about
the next place that you went.
You were being taken
from Planet One.
And did you go on a ship
and then go to Planet Two
or receive new orders?
Was there anything in
between that occurred
that we should know about?
>>RICE: Nothing of
note in between.
When you're given the
orders to pick up and leave,
everybody packs their stuff,
puts them on the shuttles,
and the shuttles go and
meet up with motherships.
And motherships take us
from one system to another.
Where that other system is and
how far it was between Planet
One and Planet Two-- which the
name that I recall is Callidus
Three--
I had no idea how
far apart they are.
It could be 1,000
light years, or it
could be from a stellar
standpoint right next door.
>>JAY: So you got on a
shuttle and they took you
to the mothership.
What did the
mothership look like?
>>RICE: The
particular motherships
that we used for
interstellar travel varied.
There were cigar-shaped
ships, and there
were wedge-shaped ships.
They were both capable
of interstellar travel.
In this case, it would have been
the larger cigar-shaped ship
that we would have packed
up my unit on and all
of our assets and
gear and equipment,
because the smaller
wedge-shaped ships were not
specifically designed for a
large contingent of ground
troops.
>>JAY: So how many troops were
inside this cigar-shaped ship?
>>RICE: Each of the
cigar-shaped ships
had room for 2,000 to
3,000 ground troops.
>>JAY: Plus all the equipment?
>>RICE: Plus all their
gear and equipment.
>>JAY: There must have
been massive like, uh,
eating facilities and--
>>RICE: Mm-hmm,
cafeterias, workout areas,
quarters for officers,
quarters for the enlisted,
anything that a division
of troops would need.
>>JAY: Again, very
closed quarters?
>>RICE: Yes.
And in fact, the ground
troops, us ground pounders,
were isolated and kept isolated
from the naval personnel.
We had our own section of
the ship that we operated
and worked in, and we weren't
allowed outside of that area
of the ship.
If we did, we would be subject
to any number of things
short of death.
>>JAY: Do you have any idea
why that was happening?
>>RICE: They wanted to keep
information compartmentalized.
If we had gotten
outside of our areas,
there was a chance that we
may have started snooping, OK,
where are we?
What are they doing?
What other information
do we have?
The other side of that
is that the agreements
between the Cabal
and the Mars Germans
required that the Navy
and the ground troops
were separated because there
were elements of the ground
forces that the Cabal
didn't want the Mars German
Navy to be aware of,
specifically the strategically
placed ammunitions,
or munitions,
in the event of
the self-destruct.
>>JAY: So you guys had
an, um, ancillary plan
that if things got bad you
would destroy everything?
>>RICE: That's
correct, including
the self-destruct protocol
buried within each
of the nanites on each soldier.
>>JAY: Would the Germans--
if they found out about this,
would they be not very happy?
>>RICE: They probably
knew about it.
>>JAY: How long were you
on this cigar-shaped craft
before you arrived at the
next place you were going?
>>RICE: I don't remember.
>>JAY: And you called
this planet Callidus 3?
>>RICE: Mm-hmm, Callidus 3.
>>JAY: And is that the name
that the indigenous people had
for their planet?
>>RICE: That was the
name that we called it.
When we first arrived,
there were about 4 billion
inhabitants on the planet.
This planet was about 4%
or 5% larger than Earth.
Gravity was comparable.
It was a little more
than standard Earth but
is still within acceptable
tolerance levels
for us to adapt to.
Having the nanite
enhancements helped
because it strengthened
our bones and bodies
where we needed to
have them strengthened.
And again, 4% or
5% isn't that much.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: When we first
arrived, another thing
I can tell you about the planet
is that it had four moons.
They were all smaller
than Luna, Earth's moon.
We called them Moon 1, Moon
2, Moon 3, and then Moon 4.
Moon 1 was like a dark gray.
Moon 2 was like a white color.
Moon 3 was like a burnt orange.
And then black, so it was
the hardest to see and find.
>>JAY: Why did these moons have
different colors, do you think?
>>RICE: I believe it had
to do with the materials
that each of the these
bodies were composed of.
The burnt orange, for instance,
was probably very high in iron.
The black was probably
more of a carbon.
The white was probably
some of the same material
that you'd see on our
moon right here on Earth.
And the dark gray, your
guess is as good as mine.
Maybe--
>>JAY: It could be a
granite or something.
>>RICE: Granite
or more titanium.
I mean, who knows?
>>JAY: So we want to talk
about the indigenous people.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: What were they like?
>>RICE: The
indigenous population
there numbered, again, about 4
billion when we first arrived.
The planet itself--
again, no salt water.
It was all freshwater.
It composed about 70% landmass,
and then the other 30%
was the freshwater.
So it had a much larger
landmass than we're
accustomed to here on Earth.
And again, started
seeing the pattern.
It was-- they were looking for,
just beginning their industrial
age, civilizations that they
were in, because that was where
they were able to offer--
dangle the largest amount of
fruit in front of their eyes.
The people were shorter
than standard humans.
They didn't look much
different than humans
you see here on Earth.
The color of their skin
seemed to comprise mostly
shades of white or olive.
>>JAY: And were they the only
inhabitants of this planet?
>>RICE: They were
the only inhabitants.
>>JAY: Besides the
animals and things?
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
They did have some
livestock that they used.
Their cattle was much
shorter than the cattle
that we would see here on Earth.
They were much more stockier.
So if you can
imagine a shorter cow
with larger diametered
legs, kind of
like what you would expect to
see on an elephant, actually--
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: They were just
stockier necks, more squared
off jaws and noses.
The goats that I saw--
I call them goats.
I mean, that was about
as close as you can
get to what they looked like.
But I mean, again, they were
smaller, stockier, heartier,
more squared than what we're
accustomed to seeing here.
>>JAY: Again, what
was the purpose
of you being on this planet?
>>RICE: Our purpose on this
planet was the same mission
that we had on Planet One, which
was to help train the local
indigs on how to
defend their planet,
on training them how
to fight the invading--
>>JAY: Hopefully not
the werewolves again.
>>RICE: Well, we weren't sure.
We didn't know.
Again, intelligence was spotty,
and that was deliberate.
But we knew that the
opening stages would entail
kinetic energy bombardments.
And so that was, for
us, our first telltale
to be on the lookout for.
But we were there to fight
whatever it was that showed up.
>>JAY: Very similar scenario.
>>RICE: Very similar scenario.
>>JAY: So this is the SOP.
You're going to take a
certain kind of population,
and you're going to change it.
>>RICE: Mm-hmm, yep.
>>JAY: Into what
they want it to be.
>>RICE: Into what
they want it to be,
force them through attrition
of their own population
to accept the terms
that are given to them.
>>JAY: Going back to Planet
One, from the time you started
to the time you
finished, it would
be fair to say that the
entire culture of that planet
had been altered forever.
>>RICE: Changed.
>>JAY: And so on Planet Two,
did the same scenario pan out?
>>RICE: Same thing played out.
>>JAY: On this planet, there
was an invader coming, just
like the other scenario.
>>RICE: Just like
the other scenario.
>>JAY: And they
used kinetic weapons
on the poles and everything?
Or what?
>>RICE: They used
it on the poles
to raise the sea level to
flood out the coastal cities.
>>JAY: So you're thinking
it's the werewolves coming.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: Yeah, and
you're prepping for it?
>>RICE: We're prepping for
it, and we're spreading out
and defending our areas
and putting up the defenses
and mines and trenches and
the defensive structures--
you know, the typical
defensive technology
that's employed by
the military using
some of the advanced tools
that we were allowed to use.
I will say that they limited
how much technology we
could use with the indigs.
They did not limit
the technology
they use to defend the
division headquarters.
So any time that they had--
the brass was
threatened, they had
no problem with pulling out.
And that was one of the
signs that was, to me--
you know, there's
a lot more going on
than some of the subtle
signs that you see.
>>JAY: So were you involved
in the first altercation
with these invaders?
>>RICE: I have not recalled
that I was involved with one
of the first altercations that--
>>JAY: But you were
involved in an altercation.
>>RICE: I was involved in many,
over the almost six-year period
that I was there.
>>JAY: So you fought on this
planet for almost six years?
>>RICE: 52 months.
>>JAY: 52 months.
When they invaded, the
rumors and the intel
began spreading about who
you were fighting against.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So you knew before
your first altercation
who you were fighting against?
>>RICE: We knew before my
unit, my personal unit,
got involved in combat that
it was not the werewolves.
There was something different.
>>JAY: What was it?
>>RICE: We still had
no idea at this time,
except that it was
quadrupedal, it was very fast,
and it was about the
size of a grizzly,
spiked around the neck, a large
mouth, and inhumanly fast.
>>JAY: And what kind of animal
creature was it, a robot?
>>RICE: It was a
created being, again.
And it seemed to comprise a
number of different systems
from--
probably crossbred from a
number of different lifeforms,
taking whatever it
is that they needed
to augment this particular
life form to fit the purpose
and suit the needs
that they had.
>>JAY: Is there any creatures
on Earth that resemble?
>>RICE: No.
None.
If you can imagine
a demon that's
got four legs and spikes
coming out of its neck
that travels in packs
in large numbers
and can move about
the speed of a spider.
>>JAY: A giant spider?
>>RICE: Yeah, very fast.
>>JAY: And it was
built for combat?
>>RICE: Built for combat.
>>JAY: Weapons?
>>RICE: No weapons.
>>JAY: No weapons.
>>RICE: Claws, teeth.
>>JAY: They were the weapon.
>>RICE: They were the weapon.
>>JAY: It must have been
fairly easy, then, to them
out as they were
approaching, right?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: Tell us about it.
>>RICE: When you've got
an alien species that
seems to have some type of
embedded armor as its skin,
small arms aren't
going to do it.
So you have to resort
to larger caliber, which
means that standard humans--
you're limited by
how much ammo you're
going to be able to carry.
So again, you get to the
basic load out question.
How much are you going
to be able to carry?
to be able to supply
each person with?
So it becomes, OK, we need
these larger weapons in order
to take down this
particular enemy.
And in a lot of
cases, we ended up
spreading around larger
crew served weapons.
And so instead of
having now 500 in a unit
that are individual
fighters, you've got,
say, 60% of that because
you're having to combine people
into crew-served teams so
they can have a standing
chance of being able to take
out this particular enemy.
>>JAY: So a large
percentage of the people
were being used to carry
ammo and not really
being able to be used in combat.
>>RICE: That's right.
That's right.
You now have a
crew-served weapon
that takes two or three
or sometimes four people.
That's one single firing point
instead of two or three or four
separate firing points.
>>JAY: And that's because the
weapons that you were using
had to be of a certain size in
order to defeat these things?
>>RICE: That's correct.
The weapons we were
allowed to use.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: So they limited that.
That was a particularly
bad sticking point.
At that point, I had
made Company Commander,
and so I had a large
number of people
that I was
responsible for, and I
wanted to make sure
that I provided them
with the best means possible for
defending themselves and being
able to keep them alive.
And so I didn't like it.
And I was told on a
number of occasions,
suck it up and do
what you have to do.
And so we got creative on how
we used the existing munitions
or ammunition in employing
them in the beginning stages.
Later on, when losses
started adding up
and we were really
pushed against the wall,
they lightened up on that.
And I think it took losing
a couple of generals
before they were
able to do that.
>>JAY: So you were
losing the war.
>>RICE: Oh, yeah.
They didn't take any
prisoners, no POWs.
Again--
>>JAY: Fought to the death?
>>RICE: Fought to the death,
would not be taken prisoner.
Again, it was a matter
of, they would not
leave an area until every
life form was extinguished.
>>JAY: You eventually
found some weapon that
worked, then, against them.
>>RICE: It took antimatter.
>>JAY: Antimatter?
>>RICE: Large antimatter
mass destruction bombs.
>>JAY: What--
describe that to me.
>>RICE: Well, part
of the issue--
and we talked about
this with Planet One--
is that the Navy were
responsible for defending
the planet and the solar system.
And so what changed on
this particular planet
was that the number
of Naval engagements
rose exponentially, which means
that the number of landings
increased.
>>JAY: And these would
be the Mars German Navy.
>>RICE: That's correct.
Our canners.
>>JAY: Right.
And they were now losing battles
against these creatures also.
>>RICE: Were taking higher
losses because they're--
>>JAY: And that made them
get more serious about how
they were going to fight back?
>>RICE: That's correct.
Eventually, we
were able to start
using antimatter explosives
and strategically placing them
on our defensive
perimeters so that we
could ambush any of
the invasions that
would come in in the attacks.
So we would essentially
set up ourselves as bait
so that they would come
in in large numbers,
and then we'd destroy them.
>>JAY: So ambush them.
>>RICE: Ambush them.
>>JAY: And describe
the antimatter weapons.
>>RICE: It has all
the flash and bang
of a nuke without the bad side
effects of nuclear radiation
afterwards.
>>JAY: Really?
And over a wide area?
>>RICE: Over as large
an area as you want.
>>JAY: So you can control how
much damage was being done.
>>RICE: Yes, you
could have antimatter
that is the size of a
pea and take out a block,
or you could have antimatter
that was a couple of pounds,
and something that large
is going to take out
multiple states-sized areas.
>>JAY: Could you take out
a planet with antimatter?
>>RICE: No doubt.
You could destroy an
entire planetary surface
with antimatter,
if you so desired.
>>JAY: These creatures
that you were fighting,
did they have ships?
>>RICE: If they did,
I never saw them.
They came in on mass
landing craft that
would slow down
and stop and land,
and then they would
come out en masse.
>>JAY: So they had like
cargo ships or something?
>>RICE: They had
cargo transport ships,
but not like combat shuttles.
>>JAY: And did you know
who they were working for?
>>RICE: At that time, no.
>>JAY: No.
>>RICE: No, did not.
We had no intelligence on
what their ultimate goal was
other than
destruction and death.
We had no intelligence
on where they came from
or what their home planet
was like or who sent them
or why they were picking
on this particular planet.
Again, that was
information that I
had pieced together later, which
is part of this false flag.
>>JAY: Were you beginning
to get the drift, though?
>>RICE: I had started getting
the picture on this planet--
that was when my good
friend Johan had informed me
about the history of the Mars
Germans and the Cabal on Earth.
>>JAY: So that
happened on Callidus 3.
>>RICE: Callidus 3, yup.
>>JAY: That's where
you met Johan.
>>RICE: I knew him from the
original training at the Fi.
But that was where he had told
me about the true history.
>>JAY: So the massive
download happened
at this time of your second 20?
>>RICE: Mm-hmm.
>>JAY: Interesting.
>>RICE: Yeah, that
was when I found out
the history of the Mars Germans
and the breakaway civilization
and the nuclear
demonstration strike
on the lone US Navy heavy
cruiser in the Pacific
and the theft of the
mind-wipe technology
and the destruction of the
Challenger and Chernobyl.
And that was when
I found out a lot
of some of the history of
Earth that was not told to us.
>>JAY: So you fought
for almost six years
on this planet against
these invading creatures.
And you nearly lost.
>>RICE: Oh, yes, several times.
>>JAY: Several times.
But the antimatter weapons
eventually were what saved you?
>>RICE: Once they gave
us the green light
on being able to use those,
we started incorporating them
into smaller and
smaller packages
so that we weren't interested
in taking our own lives.
We were trying to protect
ourselves and the civilians
that we were in charge of.
So we were able to get it down
to a grenade-sized device,
and we were able to use it in a
launcher, specialized launcher,
so that we could then--
you know, we didn't have to
be up close and personal.
But aside from the small unit
employment of antimatter,
we were also using
it on a larger scale
to try and take out
the enemy bases.
And it came to a point
where at the end of the war,
there was a time where we had
to use larger size antimatter.
And I remember being in a
bunker and watching this go off,
and there were people
in that room that
didn't think it
was going to work,
that were convinced that
we were going to lose,
and that every person in
that room was going to die
and that we were not going to
be able to save this planet--
or that planet, at the time.
So the employment and the
use of those large antimatter
was the turning point for us.
>>JAY: So you destroyed the
bases of these creatures.
>>RICE: We destroyed their
bases on a large scale.
>>JAY: Did a lot of
the indigenous people
die in this war?
>>RICE: There were 4 billion
people on the planet when
we arrived, and there
was about a third
of them left by
the end of the war.
>>JAY: Again, the same thing?
Devastated place?
>>RICE: Devastation
from one side
of the planet to the other.
And in fact, some of
the areas that we'd
used the antimatter explosives
on had been abandoned.
Clearly they weren't going
to be used anytime soon.
We went through the process
of rebuilding the planet
and getting them
back to a state where
they were able to have
a civilization that they
were able to continue on.
>>JAY: So did you
guys have friends
among the indigenous population?
>>RICE: Yes, yes.
We ended up getting really close
with a lot of the indigenous
populations because we
were fighting beside them.
You know, it's not like, hey,
we're going to be here fighting
and then we'll see you later.
Well, if we lost,
we were all dead.
And so that tends to bond
people together on a very strong
level.
And so-- and they
were such nice people.
You know, unfortunately
we came along.
But they had a
great civilization.
Again, it was
based on bartering.
They had their own rich
culture, religious beliefs,
spiritual beliefs.
They didn't have much in
the way of wars or fighting.
They had established
a long-standing peace.
And so how can you
not like people
that are open and
genuinely caring
about their neighbor
or the person
they're two streets over?
>>JAY: Any of you
have any love affairs
with any of the indigenous?
>>RICE: Let me just say that
the commanders' policy was
that any of the
relationships that we
had with the
indigenous populations,
they encouraged us
to embed ourselves
into it because they
felt that we would
be able to gain more from that.
But the policies
were that we were not
allowed to have that affect
our command decisions.
So yes, there were people that
had relationships with some
of the indigenous populations.
Did it cause or
pose any problems?
No.
Again, keep in mind
that every person
that was from Earth that
was there was enhanced.
And so as an enhancement,
and as an intuitive empath,
the people that you're
most connected to
are the ones that
are in your unit.
And so establishing a
romantic relationship
with some of the indigenous
populations-- did it happen?
Yes, it did.
Were they long lasting
or long standing?
No, they weren't.
>>JAY: So the MO was clear.
They're modernizing, unquote,
these planets and then bringing
them into the Cabal system and
creating a kind of an empire?
>>RICE: Establishing
a local Cabal,
and those elites that
are going to be in charge
of that particular system,
probably establishing advanced
technology research and
development that separates
the two classes of
people from the elites
to the common people.
Sound familiar?
>>JAY: Yep.
>>RICE: Part of our
job was co-opting
some of the local leaders
and getting them involved
and getting them to agree to
the requirements of our help.
>>JAY: And I would say that
the people doing this probably
thought that they were helping.
>>RICE: They were convinced
that they were helping.
They had no idea.
And, you know, in all
honesty, neither did we.
We had no idea about
the long-term goals
of what was planned
and that they
were going to be turning
these planetary environments
and civilizations into proxies,
into controlled systems.
We had no idea about that.
>>JAY: So had these peaceful
people on this Planet Two,
had they been involved
in war before?
>>RICE: No.
When the Mars Germans came
along and made this proposition
to them, they
certainly showed them
what information
they wanted them
to see as far as the progression
of these alien invasion
attacks, in order to further
their false flag narrative.
And they would have
shown them, OK, look,
this is the system that's
neighboring that was attacked,
and you have X number of months
before you're next on the list.
And so, you know, you
have a choice to make.
We can help you, or you can
suffer the consequences.
>>JAY: So the humanoids
on Planet number Two,
you've described them.
Do they have the same facial
characteristics and things
that other humanoids have?
>>RICE: Yes, it'd be the same.
In fact, you know, we had
talked before about why
we think that there is so much
widespread human-looking beings
throughout our
particular galaxy.
And I happen to
believe that, you know,
each of the planetary bodies
are conscious on some level.
And so the blueprint
of the human shape,
with the star pattern, two
arms, two legs, a head,
and asymmetric along
the center line,
that's something that is
a blueprint for our logos.
Now, are there other
areas of creation
that have something else
that's going to be more common?
You can count on that being
the case because, you know,
there is life far beyond
the extensive anything
that we could ever even imagine.
And so, you know,
seeing humanity
on another planet within
an area that we can get to,
or something that
resembles humanity,
is something that we could
expect, at least in our logos.
>>JAY: I want to
thank you, Jason,
for being brave enough
to come on our show.
>>RICE: Well, thank you, Jay.
I really appreciate
you having me here.
And you know, again, this
is all about disclosure.
>>JAY: It is.
And I'm Jay Weidner,
and thanks for watching.
>>NARRATOR: Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure," where
people share their clandestine
involvement with government
agencies, the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: So it's made up of
many different types of races
and ambassadors
representing star systems.
>>RICE: Part of the
training regimen
that we went through
before planet fall included
a tremendous amount of time
in neural education chairs.
>>GOODE: They're coming
here for our technology.
Humans are making
technology that we're
selling to non-terrestrials.